Fix some wording on the example page regarding the .tcd and .tdr files (#523)
tableau/connector-plugin-sdk: docs/example.md

Tableau connector files include:
- __Manifest file__ that tells Tableau about the connector. Tableau uses the name from this file to add it to the list of available connectors in the UI.

> - __Tableau Custom Dialog file__ customizes the connection dialog as needed for this connection. This file is optional. If not created, it will be based off the superclass set in the Manifest file (manifest.xml) by default. However if the superclass is set to "odbc" or "jdbc", then this file is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Tableau Custom Dialog file__ customizes the connection dialog as needed for this connection. In most cases, this is required. However, if you subclass from an existing connector like MySQL or Postgres, and you do not create this file, we will use the default for that connector.
```

> - __Tableau Custom Dialog file__ customizes the connection dialog as needed for this connection. This file is optional. If not created, it will be based off the superclass set in the Manifest file (manifest.xml) by default. However if the superclass is set to "odbc" or "jdbc", then this file is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Tableau Custom Dialog file__ customizes the connection dialog as needed for this connection.
```

Reviewer: This would be my preferred option, since it's unlikely and discouraged for them to a) use an existing connector as a superclass and b) if they do use an existing connector, use the base files.

Author: This is what i prefer too after looking at the confusion the term optional is creating. I made the necessary changes,

> - __Tableau Connection Resolver file__ creates the connection to your file using JavaScript files to define and make the connection. This file is optional. If not created, it will be based off the superclass set in the Manifest file (manifest.xml) by default. However if the superclass is set to "odbc" or "jdbc", then this file is required.

Reviewer: I think this is written backwards. 99% of people should be using odbc or jdbc, so in 99% of the people reading this will be required to have these files. However, as it stands the first thing they read is "This file is optional," full stop, and they may not read further. 

I actually think the original is clearer on this - this file _may not_ be required in certain, very specific situations. I would hesitate to change that narrative.

Author: I will rephrase it to keep the original narrative,

Author: Was thinking of something like  (If the superclass in Manifest file (manifest.xml) is not set to the value “odbc” or “jdbc”, then this is file may not be required and it will be based off the odbc/jdbc based superclass specified.
